The UIUX report is explained from three aspects: the preparation of the game, the use of the administrators and the use of the players. 

Firstly, in the pre-game preparations, in order to make the page more concise, I have established a home page where you can choose to log in, sign up, and log in buttons for players, and each page has a return button to avoid the situation where you cannot exit when you enter an error page.After the administrator enters the page through the email address and password, administrator  can see the creation of a new game in the middle of the page, click to create and appear on the page, and then click the edit button below to directly edit, update the name, and add this quiz question, you can choose Add three kinds of questions single， mulitple, and short. Click the icon to set the correct answer. The index of the answer will also be displayed below to avoid setting errors. You can set pictures for the questions, and the pictures can be found locally or on the Internet. , the video needs to be able to play directly from youtube. Click upload successfully and you will return to the dustboard page to see the updated game.There is a delete button under each game card to easily delete the specified game, and a confirmation prompt box will appear to avoid accidentally clicking delete to delete the game. The administrator can log out of the account directly through logout. When there are too many games, you may need to search for the game before entering. You can click search quiz on the main page to find the game you want to start and enter.

Secondly, the use of the administrators, the administrator directly clicks on the game card to enter the game detailed information page, which contains the number of questions and the specific completion time of the game. Each question is given 30 seconds to complete. Click Enter to enter the game control page , you can start the game in it, show the title to the game player, click to start the game, the sessionid will appear on the page top, enter the game link, and tell the player the sessionid to enter the game. After the player joins, they can click on the display of the first question, and each question will have time to remind the manager in 30 seconds. After one question is finished, click the display button of the next question. This arrangement is to avoid accidentally clicking the same button many times, the player cannot submit an answer to complete the question. After all the questions are displayed, click to end the game, and then you can click to view the results. You can see the scores and answering time of each player ranked in the top five, as well as the answering status of all players, the start time of a single question, and a single question. The end time, the total time of a single question, the correct situation.If you want to return to the dashboard page, you can click on the top to return.

Thirdly, the use of the players, The user only needs to set a name, enter the game preparation page through the sessionid, and click start game to enter the game. If the game has not started, a prompt box will be displayed, asking the player to wait for a while. After the administrators shows the first question , the user can enter the game page, click get question to get the question to answer, and need to click the button next to the question to submit the answer within 30 seconds, otherwise it will be automatically submitted and the correct answer will be displayed. Players must answer correctly within 30 seconds to gain points, and the score will be displayed on the top, and 0 points will be scored for errors. Then click get question again to get the second question displayed by the administrator, and so on. After the game is over, click End Game, and you will enter a new page, where you can see your answers situation to each question, and the game is over. You can go back to the player login page to start a new answering game.

The theme color is blue, which is more concise and clear. Important buttons are placed in obvious positions and filled with colors to highlight the importance.


